---
command: resume
title: My resume
description: A text version of my resume
---

## Marco Tisi - Remote Full Stack Engineer

### Summary

Remote Full-Stack Engineer with experience in building eCommerce platforms, CMSs
and web applications. Skilled in JavaScript (Typescript, Node.js, React,
Gatsby), PHP (Laravel, Symfony) and DevOps (AWS, Docker, Terraform). Experienced
in Object-Oriented Programming and Functional Programming. Always enjoying
learning about new technologies, frameworks and languages.

### Employment History

#### Lead Frontend Engineer | Amazee Labs, Zurich | September 2020 - Present

Planning and building medium to large websites using React, Gatsby and NextJS.
Writing integrations to fetch content from CMS to web applications. Leading a
team of developers to achieve goals, raise knowledge, leverage best practices
and review code. Collaborating with the accessibility team to ensure that
websites follow standards. Crafting internal projects to test new technologies,
libraries or approaches. Working with the management to define company goals.

#### Full Stack Engineer | Headstart, London | June 2019 - June 2020

Working fully remote in the Engineering Team to develop and maintain core API
written in Node using FeathersJS and MongoDB. Developing and maintaining
applications which interact with the API built with React and Redux, developing
side projects and microservices using NestJS. Managing corporate infrastructure
in AWS using Docker, Terraform and CircleCI.

#### Freelance Full Stack Web Developer | Self Employee, Anywhere | 2004 - Present

Planning and building corporate and intranet websites, B2Bs and B2Cs using
Laravel, VueJS, React, Node, MongoDB, AWS, CakePHP, jQuery, Backbone,
Underscore, Wordpress, Joomla, Magento.

#### Head Of Research And Development | Workup, Italy | October 2016 - December 2018

Planning and developing the corporate flagship product, a modular CMS / B2B /
B2C platform, by researching new technologies and finding the appropriate team
to achieve the goals set by the company and in line with the business
requirements, working almost fully remote.

#### Senior Web Developer | Workup, Italy | February 2014 - September 2016

Planning, estimation and development of corporate, B2B and B2C websites using
the internal PHP CMS.

#### Senior Web Developer | Atena.net, Italy | June 2012 - February 2014

Team leader responsible for the development and maintenance of the corporate
e-commerce website.

#### PhoneGap Developer | BlackBeardCrew, Italy | March 2013 - March 2013

Planning and developing a series of PhoneGap Application for the aviation
industry with a small crew of friends. These applications will guide the user
through a series of questions and answers that let him take the pilot's licence.

#### Web Developer | Atenet srl, Italy | June 2011 - June 2012

Developing corporate intranet ERP and its integration with pre-existent
Management Software. Developing B2B sites for the acquisition and tracking of
customer's orders.

#### Programmer and Web Designer | Atena srl, Italy | July 2005 - August 2008

Programming and developing in Delphi and Microsoft .NET of B2B customer's
application used to generate and delivery PDF files for printing on demand
company. Planning and building B2B websites to collect and manage customer's
orders.

#### Web Developer | Polocomputers sas, Italy | July 2004 - June 2005

Planning and creation of static and dynamic websites built with PHP and
javascript for the automotive industry. Developing of business websites both
static and dynamic.

---

[Download](/Marco_Tisi-Remote_Full_Stack_Engineer.pdf) a PDF version of my
resume
